README.md, before:

# tic-tac-toe-game
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/TicTacToe-purple)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ruby-red)

# Building The Tic-Tac-Toe Game With Ruby
How The Game Works
- Two players are involved in the game
- They start with an empty nine spaces in the board
- Players will take the turn to put a marker on the board
- The first player starts by selecting an empty slot between 1-9 on a 3 x 3 grid
- The selected slot will be marked as 'X.' 
- In the next turn, the second player will select another space, and the      cell will be marked with 'O'
- The game is won when one player achieves three markers in a row - horizontally, vertically, or diagonally
- The program will respond in conditions when the position is taken or when the player selects a number out of the given range or no winner. 

## Built With

- ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OOP-Ruby-red)


##  Setting Up The Game In Bin

- Creating a repository in the Github and cloning it in your local machine
- Create two directory bin, lib on your terminal
- Create a main.rb file in the bin directory and run it with `./main.rb.` 


## Setting Up The Board
puts "Welcome to Tic Tac Toe!" <br>
board = [" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " "]


def display_board(board) <br>
  puts " # | # | # " <br>
  puts "-----------" <br>
  puts " # | # | # " <br>
  puts "-----------" <br>
  puts " # | # | # " <br>
end

## Author

**Mina**

- GitHub: [@Takhmina175](https://github.com/Takhmina175)
- Twitter: [@Takhmin73630110](https://twitter.com/Takhmin73630110)
- LinkedIn: [Takhmina Makhkamova](https://www.linkedin.com/in/takhmina-makhkamova-7628136b/)

##  Contributing

Contributions and issues are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

## Acknowledgements

- [Microverse](https://microverse.org)
- [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/)

Commit message:

adding insturction for the players to play the game

README.md, after:

# tic-tac-toe-game
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/TicTacToe-purple)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ruby-red)

# Steps for Playing Tic-Tac-Toe game

- Two players are involved in the game
- Each player has to enter their names sequentially (Note!  You can not leave your name empty)
- The board will be displayed on the screen and the first player will be asked for selecting an empty cell on the board by selecting 1 – 9 number (Note: You cannot enter the number above or below the given range or select occupied space)
- The first player’s move will be marked as  ‘X’ and the second player’s move will be marked as ‘O’
- Each play takes a turn to place either an 'X' or 'O' (a marker) on the board 
- The winner will be announced when all three cells horizontally or vertically or diagonally will be filled with either ‘X’ | ‘O’ 
- If there was no winner the game is considered a Tie.
- In both winning or draw conditions, the game will ask players whether or not they want to continue playing by selecting ‘Y’ as a positive response and any other character as a negative response.
- If the answer is positive, the board will reset and the first player continues playing.
- If the response was negative the “Thanks for the game”  message will be displayed and the game will be terminated.   

## Built With

- ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OOP-Ruby-red)


##  Setting Up The Game In Bin

- Creating a repository in the Github and cloning it in your local machine
- Create two directory bin, lib on your terminal
- Create a main.rb file in the bin directory and run it with `./main.rb.` 


## Setting Up The Board
puts "Welcome to Tic Tac Toe!" <br>
board = [" ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " ", " "]


def display_board(board) <br>
  puts " # | # | # " <br>
  puts "-----------" <br>
  puts " # | # | # " <br>
  puts "-----------" <br>
  puts " # | # | # " <br>
end

## Author

**Mina**

- GitHub: [@Takhmina175](https://github.com/Takhmina175)
- Twitter: [@Takhmin73630110](https://twitter.com/Takhmin73630110)
- LinkedIn: [Takhmina Makhkamova](https://www.linkedin.com/in/takhmina-makhkamova-7628136b/)

##  Contributing

Contributions and issues are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

## Acknowledgements

- [Microverse](https://microverse.org)
- [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/)
